Initial Commit (#1)
oasislabs/wasm-sourcemap: README.md

WASM Sourcemaps
===

Sourcemaps provide a working path to step-through

> debugging in Web Assembly code, but with a caveat:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
debugging in WebAssembly code, but with a caveat:
```

> The interface for execution of Web Assembly is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interface for execution of WebAssembly is
```
